# Transport RCA Scenario

This script details how to demonstrate a transport network root cause analysis scenario. 

## Pre-requisites

* [Install GNN Sandbox](/INSTALL.md) 

Once completed you should see output from the **install.sh** script similar to the text below (you can also run __install.sh -i__ to see the same info at any time):

```
============================================================
=                Demo information Summary                  =
============================================================

Network Agent Dashboard: https://network-dashboard-<YOUR UUID>.run.app
Username/password: <username>/<password>>
```

Click on link to the network dashboard and log in using the `WEBAPPS_LOGIN` and `WEBAPPS_PWD` values set in your **setenv.sh** environment variables. 

## Create l3 vpn transport network

On startup you will need to create a new network instance. Follow the instructions on screen to find the saved network descriptors available to be deployed. These network descriptors include, network infrastructure, underlay, VPN and test configurations.

Once you have deployed a saved network you will see the current state of the routers, vpns and running tests in the main network topology screen.

Vyos Routers and the traffic agent [send metrics to Cloud Monitoring](/docs/network/metrics.md). You can view these metrics by clicking on the **Network Performance** icon at the top right of the network topology banner. Also if you click on a router you will see individual router performance statistics. And in the VPN panel, you will also see flow statistics generated by the **traffic agent**. 


## Train & Deploy GNN

TBD

```
./install.sh --deploy gnn
```

## Introduce Faults (To be done)

[A set of faults can be introduced to the l3 vpn network](/docs/network/FAULT_INJECTION.md)

Apply a configuration fault by applying a fault configuration in the `environment/telco-lab` directory, e.g. 

```
kubectl apply -f environment/telco-lab/l3vpn-hub-spoke-fault1-mtu.yaml
```

This will update the configuration of one of the routers to __misconfigure__ an interface mtu.

## Show Anomalies

In the dashboard UI nodes with high anomaly are highlighted and the anomalies can be investigated further. 

